Require ReferencePolicy for certificateRef in other namespace (#154)
hashicorp/consul-api-gateway: .changelog/154.txt

```release-note:breaking-change

> Added support for cross namespace Gateway certificateRefs with [ReferencePolicy](https://gateway-api.sigs.k8s.io/v1alpha2/references/spec/#gateway.networking.k8s.io%2fv1alpha2.ReferencePolicy)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Gateway listener `certificateRefs` to secrets in a different namespace now require a [ReferencePolicy](https://gateway-api.sigs.k8s.io/v1alpha2/references/spec/#gateway.networking.k8s.io%2fv1alpha2.ReferencePolicy)
```
